Improving parsers in 'interactive_face_detection_demo' (#3172)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/interactive_face_detection_demo/cpp/README.md

## Running

> Running the application with an empty list of options yields the usage message and an error message.

Reviewer: Other authors put it like https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/pull/3104/files#diff-f988d5acc4d4e573b5410eb51c367a60cafdd2bda3f051c24c1d5c35c9defbbfR122
Let's align with them. Please do this also for noise_supression.

Author: Done

    [--loop]                                      enable reading the input in a loop
    [--mag <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Age/Gender Recognition model
    [--mam <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Antispoofing Classification model
    [--mem <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Emotions Recognition model
    [--mhp <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Head Pose Estimation model
    [--mlm <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Facial Landmarks Estimation model
    [ -o <OUTPUT>]                                name of the output file(s) to save
    [ -r]                                         output inference results as raw values
    [--show] ([--noshow])                         (don't) show output
    [--show_emotion_bar] ([--noshow_emotion_bar]) (don't) show emotion bar
    [--smooth] ([--nosmooth])                     (don't) smooth person attributes
    [ -t <NUMBER>]                                probability threshold for detections. Default is 0.5

>     [ -u <DEVICE>]                                resource utilization graphs. Default is cdm. c - average CPU load, d - load distribution over cores, m - memory usage, h - hide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    [ -u <DEVICE>]                                resource utilization graphs. Default is cdm. c - average CPU load, d - load distribution over cores, m - memory usage
```
[Here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/pull/3172#discussion_r814029106)  @Wovchena  said

> h is a key binding. But it can't be provided with -u

But I still think, that `-u h` would be a better way to hide monitors than ` -u ""`

Reviewer: Ok, @ieliz, please add `h` support in addition to ""

## Running

> Running the demo with the `-h` option yields a usage message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the demo with `-h` shows this help message:
```
To align wording with how `-h` is described in demo code

> ```sh

Reviewer: Try removing `sh`. It makes md to treat apostrophe as quote

    [--mem <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Emotions Recognition model
    [--mhp <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Head Pose Estimation model
    [--mlm <MODEL FILE>]                          path to an .xml file with a trained Facial Landmarks Estimation model
    [ -o <OUTPUT>]                                name of the output file(s) to save
    [ -r]                                         output inference results as raw values
    [--show] ([--noshow])                         (don't) show output
    [--show_emotion_bar] ([--noshow_emotion_bar]) (don't) show emotion bar
    [--smooth] ([--nosmooth])                     (don't) smooth person attributes
    [ -t <NUMBER>]                                probability threshold for detections. Default is 0.5
    [ -u <DEVICE>]                                resource utilization graphs. Default is cdm. c - average CPU load, d - load distribution over cores, m - memory usage, h - hide
    Key bindings:
        Q, q, Esc - Quit
        P, p, 0, spacebar - Pause
        C - average CPU load, D - load distribution over cores, M - memory usage, H - hide

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* To save processed results in an AVI file, specify the name of the output file with `avi` extension, for example: `-o output.avi`.
* To save processed results as images, specify the template name of the output image file with `jpg` or `png` extension, for example: `-o output_%03d.jpg`. The actual file names are constructed from the template at runtime by replacing regular expression `%03d` with the frame number, resulting in the following: `output_000.jpg`, `output_001.jpg`, and so on.

> To avoid disk space overrun in case of continuous input stream, like camera, you can limit the amount of data stored in the output file(s) with the `lim` option. The default value is 1000. To change it, you can apply the `-lim N` option, where `N` is the number of frames to store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid disk space overrun in case of continuous input stream, like camera, you can limit the amount of data stored in the output file(s) with the `--lim` option. The default value is 1000. To change it, you can apply the `--lim N` option, where `N` is the number of frames to store.
```
